yeah the fight the fight was good from
my point of view the first round was a
little bit too emotional yeah for my
yeah my personal feeling but I hate him
a any with some clean shots so I rocked
him and yeah after that like I said I
got a little bit emotional and I thought
okay now I'm gonna knock you out with
your own combination and yeah i'm not i
think I rock him like two times in that
round so I was dominating and got back
in the in the corner got hit again by my
trainer like what are you doing you
crazy now you make it this fight 5050
why why are you doing this you know just
stick to the game plan and just keep box
with him so I was like okay so like a
like I said I / from Earth I went to
Mars like go totally crazy from Mars
back to earth so back to the focus stay
to the game plan just move around with
him keep behind the jab keep moving off
and yeah so I was totally controlling
their fight hitting him hard with the
location with the body games with the
front kicks you know he didn't know from
which shot it was coming and so from
yeah from my point i was i was
controlling that fight and it would
never go to the fifth round never so
it's said that that it ended this way
for arrow but either way i thought it
was a I was definitely dominating and
yeah he was it was never going to gonna
make it to the end you know people say
certain things about KO power or what
you know but it is what it is you know I
try to keep my win percentage as high as
possible so with the way I was fighting
in the first round you win percentage
percentage goes down because it then
like I said it gets 50 50 because if he
if he hits me he rocks me and when I hit
him I rock him so it's it's a dangerous
game that I don't like to play that game
but I was a little bit emotional like I
said and yeah I got I got through it I
rocked him a few times and we roughed it
up a little bit and then the second
round back to the game plan and yeah
then what I did and words don't hurt you
know people can say what they want and
they don't it doesn't hurt you but of
course in the end we're still human and
you think about stuff and why are people
saying stuff and why state the why's
that but so and especially at all you
know with his big with his big mouth and
all the interviews he was gonna kill me
was gonna hurt me he was gonna put me in
my place who's gonna you're gonna make
me wait with one punch or whatever you
know all those all that stuff and yeah
it is it's that's just not my thing you
know I I don't say stuff like that it's
just for me is like okay I'm the champ
everybody wants to belt okay that's it
and just I talked to everybody with the
with respect I got respect for everybody
everybody trains hard I think one of the
toughest sports there is and
one of the toughest jobs there is so you
know I got respect for everybody I know
what everybody has to do for it and in
the end I you know when people say just
leave it but yeah the first round I
still emotions got the best of me but
yeah got back to it and got back to the
game plan yeah I think it's going to be
a Benjamin he's a he's an upcoming guy
and but for me for my point he hasn't
fought that big of a names yet he'd be
nasty last time the good fight but yeah
I think he's good challenger but I'm
from my point of view I think he's not
there just yet he still there's the I
think he still needs to be built but he
definitely could be yeah could be one of
the big guys someday